adaptiveqf/README.md, before:

 # Adaptive Quotient Filter

 This folder originates from the base implementation of the **[AdaptiveQf](https://github.com/splatlab/adaptiveqf)**.

 The main difference from the original code is that the `test` folder contains new scripts for various experiments, while `include/exp_utility.h` and `src/exp_utility.c` define utility functions used during those scripts.

 The main scripts for adaptive filter experiments in the `test` folder include:
 - `test_distribution.c`: The distribution experiment, where 10 million queries from a specified query distribution are performed on the adaptive quotient filter after performing all insertions. This test also records the construction and query times for the filters.
 - `test_one_pass.c`: The one-pass distribution experiment, where after performing all inserts, all elements from the datasets are queried exactly once.
 - `test_advers_dist.c`: The adversarial experiment, where 10 million queries from a specified query distribution are performed on the adaptive quotient filter after performing all insertions. During the first half of the query set, false positives are recorded. During the second half of the query set, a proportion of the query set is replaced with the recorded false positives.
 - `test_dynamic.c`: The dynamic experiment, where 10 million queries from a specified query distribution are performed on the adaptive quotient filter after performing all insertions, but throughout the course of the queries the positive key set is gradually replaced with negative keys then back to the original set.

For example usages, see `../run_queries.sh`

Commit message:

stacked filter updates and code cleanup

adaptiveqf/README.md, after:

 # Adaptive Quotient Filter

 This folder originates from the base implementation of the **[AdaptiveQf](https://github.com/splatlab/adaptiveqf)**.

 The main difference from the original code is that the `test` folder contains new scripts for various experiments, while `include/exp_utility.h` and `src/exp_utility.c` define utility functions used during those scripts.

 The `external` folder now includes the **[Stacked Filter](https://github.com/kylebd99/StackedFilters)** implementation.
 `StackedFilters/wrapper` contains a C wrapper for **Stacked Filter** allowing it to be used in test scripts very similar to those
 used by the **AdaptiveQF**.

 The main scripts for adaptive filter experiments in the `test` folder include:
 - `test_distribution.c`: The distribution experiment, where 10 million queries from a specified query distribution are performed on the adaptive quotient filter after performing all insertions. This test also records the construction and query times for the filters.
 - `test_one_pass.c`: The one-pass distribution experiment, where after performing all inserts, all elements from the datasets are queried exactly once.
 - `test_advers_dist.c`: The adversarial experiment, where 10 million queries from a specified query distribution are performed on the adaptive quotient filter after performing all insertions. During the first half of the query set, false positives are recorded. During the second half of the query set, a proportion of the query set is replaced with the recorded false positives.
 - `test_dynamic.c`: The dynamic experiment, where 10 million queries from a specified query distribution are performed on the adaptive quotient filter after performing all insertions, but throughout the course of the queries the positive key set is gradually replaced with negative keys then back to the original set.

 The main scripts for stacked filter experiments in the `test` folder include:
 - `test_distribution_stacked.c`
 - `test_one_pass_stacked.c`
 - `test_advers_dist_stacked.c`
 - `test_dynamic_stacked.c`
 These scripts correspond directly to the adaptive filter experiments, except any logic involving reverse map initialization then adaptive filter queries / adaptations
 are replaced with initialization of the stacked filter using a query sample then stacked filter queries during deployment.

 Some utility functions are also included. In particular, `test/write_queries.c` describes how query indices for each dataset are drawn,
 and `src/exp_utility.c` includes helper functions for the test scripts.

For example usages, see `../run_queries.sh`
